We are building a micro saas AI marketing agent platform that will increase social based business sales. People are always facing difficulties to handle their multiple customers with message replies and conversation with customers. Businesses have multiple social media handles like facebook, whatsapp, instagram, telegram, discord. People message on those platforms and users are always tired of handling multiple customer replies. So our website will handle that problem. People will connect their facebook pages, instagram, whatsapp, telegram, discord on my platform and our sales agent ai will handle all the customers 24/7 automatically. Users will add their platforms and the business information and all other important things on our platform and our agent will reply to customer messages based on the data of the business. We will sell monthly packages to our customers like 2000 replies 10$, 5000 replies 20$, and so on. Also we will give a free trial. Lets talk about the requirements and functionalities of our target saas product: “
1. There will be two different admin dashboards for my users and my own to control the users and properly analyze the reports and also to control the AI configuration and facebook, instagram, whatsapp, telegram, discord account connection setup.
2. The platform will be the best ever platform in this category so that people who are already using this type of service from somewhere else, must select our platform after knowing about it. 
3. Users will be able to connect multiple accounts on the dashboard. Each platform they can set differently for different businesses. I mean a person can run different types of businesses on different platforms like different facebook pages, different instagram, or different whatsapp, they can set the business information and queries of that business for a separate AI agent. Each platform configuration might be the same or different, so users should be able to set different information for different platforms. Also they must be able to connect multiple platforms like facebook, instagram, whatsapp,telegram, discord.
4. On the dashboard users can be able to see the ongoing conversation of different platforms, pause the ai reply to do human message. Also if anyone asks the AI to chat with a real human then our AI will show the notification of those customers on the live conversation tab so that users can easily see those conversations and reply properly.
5. On the dashboard there will be a playground where users will be able to check the performance and quality of their different AI agents with a live conversation feature. This will help users to test if their given business information is properly working for their individual platform agents.
6. There will be a proper product adding option for the different platform agents, there will be a manual adding option and also an option to upload CSV. When users will upload any csv our platform will check the csv properly without saving it on the database, it will properly check the csv format and if the format or any column or anything else is not matching with our required format then it should be able to detect the actual issue and notify users what is the issue, so that users can understand the actual problem present in the csv and fix that and then re upload after fixing. Our platform should properly detect the information and save the data properly on the database. Keep in mind that users will be able to edit any information after uploading. I mean the product information is editable so that users can update the product information later.
7. There will be a user friendly interface for the users while they add the business information. There will be separate sections for separate information. I mean the total visual interface will be very easy to understand for the users and also should be best fit on all the devices like desktop, mobile, ipads, etc. 
8. Users will be able to see their statistics on the dashboard. Also there will be a profile editing feature. 
9. There will be different signup and login features, like through facebook, google, and email and password.
10. The remaining tokens should be properly visible on the header of the users dashboard, also the user’s full name will be visible for professional looking. 
11. The user dashboard should contain all the features that are required to manage the agents and see the statistics properly, The dashboard should be ultimate and users should properly satisfy using our platform. So we should apply smarter strategies to make our user’s work simpler.
12. The main admin panel should show the complete and overall statistics properly. Also all the platform connection settings, ai connection settings, ai testing feature, ai configuration, set the packages, manage the users, and all other settings and statistics should be available there.
13. Also all the default settings are the same for all the users we will set them from the admin panel. 
14. We will store the conversation messages properly on the database, so that users can see them on their dashboard. But we don’t want to finish our database storage. So we will use the default disappearing time from the database. We will store only like 1 day, or 2 or 3 days messages on the database. If the time expires, the message will be automatically deleted from the database to free up space. And keep in mind that we won’t store any image or video or voice messages. We will store the image link, voice context instead of voice so that our AI can understand the context of the voice later.
15. Our agents must be able to properly understand the image and also should be able to understand the voice message, so that agents can reply properly.
16. On the main admin panel there will be an option to set the default ai provider model, for the users, also there will be an option to set the master prompt for the ai agents of our users. But users should not be able to see which model or provider is replying as their agent, this is only the admin setting.
17. The design and structure of our application must be SEO optimized and user friendly and easy to understand and use. Also the design must be attractive and professional looking. 
18. If users sign up with google or facebook, our platform should properly detect the name, image, and show on our platform properly. But users won’t be able to update the image, as we are not allowing users to upload images on our platform. But the image should update if the facebook or google image updates. 
19. On the profile page, users will be able to edit their names and password. If the user signed up with facebook or google, they do not need to provide the current password and they can just enter the new keyword. But if there is any previously set password then they should provide that to set a new password. Also there will be an option for forgetting password on the login page and also on the dashboard of the user to reset their password. Also there will be an option to verify their phone number from the dashboard. If users sign up with facebook, they can add the number and gmail also and verify. 
20. The platform image and information should properly display on the dashboard after connecting any platform.
21. Our platform will be the no 1 platform on the internet so that users come to my platform and avoid my competitors. I am also keeping the price higher than my competitors. And all other features and functionalities must be better than my competitors.
22. Currently we are using supabase, github, and vercel and all are free tier. So we have to optimize our platform properly so that we don’t hit the free tier limit. I should be able to handle more than a thousand users on these free tiers. And I will then shift to cloud hosting like digital ocean, but after gaining more than thousand users.
23. Our platform interface must be professional and appealing. There will be all the legal pages available. The frontend will be super SEO optimized following proper EAT algorithm. Also there will be a blog section on our platform, where we will publish articles to gain free traffic. But for this feature, we have to add another admin panel also that is the author dashboard, where the article editor and publisher will be available. We will add an AI agent there who will publish articles for us. So this author panel will be separate from the user dashboard and my admin panel. The path will be  /author/login and then /author for the author dashboard. After successful login, I will be able to see everything on the author dashboard and also will be able to edit or publish new articles manually. Also all the settings for controlling the ai author agent will be present there and our ai author will follow those settings and publish articles following our schedule. There will be a prompt engineering section to teach our author agent to write the 100% SEO optimized human friendly, unique articles for our platform. Also I will add the search console api so that our ai agent can analyze the current report, find out the issues on the current articles, make proper plan to update the article and updates the article with following the proper time schedule, because we should give some time for google to rank our pages and wait few days to see the real result then we should update following proper method and strategy. Also there will be the SEO agent on the /author panel who will do a complete analysis of our platform and check all the articles and the reports and fix all the SEO issues and improve our platform's result. It will send the information to the writer agent who will see that information and update any article. Also Our SEO agent will properly handle all the internal linking, fix broken links and all the job what a real SEO expert does to rank websites. We have a prompt engineering section for both writer agent and SEO agent to make our agents outstanding performance.
24. On the user dashboard, there will have a chat support all time minimized the section as like modern websites, when user will click on that tab and it will open the chat support option, where our customer support ai agent will make conversation with the users, ask their problems, teach them why they are having issue, how they can fix that. The customer support agent will have information of all the users but it won’t be able to edit or modify anything, everything will be read only so that it does not destroy our platform. Here the customer support agent must be strict, it won’t be able to modify any database table or anything else, it will have the read only permission. And on the main admin panel there will be an option to add the master prompt for this customer support agent. Also there will be an option to customize our customer support agent and their replies so that our users get the best support. This customer support agent will appear on the main frontend pages also, but without signup our customer support agent will act like convincing the user to become our users, the tone and chat style and the name of the AI will be different, so that there looks different ai support for normal user and signed up users. The AI agent name should be different and their working system will be different so that on the dashboard panel our users think this agent really can help them and they trust our customer support. And we will instruct also from the admin panel master prompt.
25. The frontend must be SEO optimized and user friendly and appealing look and easy navigation for users.
26. On the main admin panel there will be an option to send notifications, updates to all the users and that notification will appear on the users dashboard. 
27. Our platform supports multiple region users, so we have to keep the option to set the Ai reply language from the user dashboard platform settings section, so that users can set different languages for different platforms. Also there will be modern language detecting ability to our AI agents and ability to reply based on the customer satisfaction. Also we will instruct our agents through the master prompt from the admin panel.
28. There will be an option to set the dashboard language, so that users can select their best suited language for the dashboard.
